c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\template\template\Bin\Debug\template.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\template\template\Bin\Debug\template.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\template\template\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\template\template\Bin\Debug\template.xap
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\template\template\Bin\Debug\templateTestPage.html
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\template\template\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\template\template\Bin\Debug\telerik.windows.controls.docking.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\template\template\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\template\template\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Themes.Office_Blue.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\template\template\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\template\template\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\template\template\Bin\Debug\telerik.windows.controls.docking.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\template\template\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\template\template\Bin\Debug\de\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\template\template\Bin\Debug\es\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\template\template\Bin\Debug\fr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\template\template\Bin\Debug\it\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\template\template\Bin\Debug\nl\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\template\template\Bin\Debug\tr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\template\template\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\template\template\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\template\template\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\template\template\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\template\template\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\template\template\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\template\template\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\template\template\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\template\template\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\template\template\obj\Debug\template.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\template\template\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\template\template\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\template\template\obj\Debug\template.g.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\template\template\obj\Debug\template.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\template\template\obj\Debug\template.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\template\template\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
